welcome to how to test aquarium water
with API test kit what's in the box
you got testy solutions for ammonia
Potter's 1 & 2 the solution for me trait
bottle 1 & 2 me tried one bottle and pH
low and high range 2 bottles there is 4
test tubes three of those you can see
here color chart and there is an
instructions which tells you exactly
step-by-step how to test for each of
those parameters how to read the results
to understand the results and what
action to take if the results are too
low or too high there we are that's the
instruction manual
you've got packaging box which helps you
organize it all clean a nice way that's
your test kit testing ammonia levels
in the kik you've got two bottles to
perform the test bottle number one and
bottle
number two you will have to add eight
drops from each bottle to sample your
water shake each bottle for a few
seconds before opening and use obviously
before you have to collect a sample of
the water in the test tube provided with
the kit fill it up to the line on the
tube and add a drops from bottle number
one give the bottle straight above the
tube so the drops are of the same size
last beat gets sucked back into the
bottle when you take bottle number two
and add eight drops again remove it
cover the bottle and you have to shake
it well for at least ten seconds and
leave it to stand for five minutes
testing neat rights level we've got our
sample from aquarium tube filled in to
the line there is only one bottle for
testing its rights we will have to add
five drops
shake it a bit before use open and then
add five drops one two three four five
last bit gets backing said remove the
bottle rock up the tube and shake it
securely while for a few seconds and the
Navy to stand for half a minute
you
testing for new traits we've got our
sample
for this test we have to use two bottles
from the kid bottle number one we will
add ten drops bottle number two we will
add ten drops as well what a number one
only to be shaken for a few seconds
before use and then we open the bottle
and go ahead a lot 10 drops make sure
the eleventh drop gets sucked back in
that's it now we will cut that test tube
and shake it well for a few seconds I
will leave it on the side put the lid on
and we're gonna take bottle with the
test solution number two this is very
important this bottle needs to be shaken
well for thirty seconds before adding
it's not gonna shake it for 30 seconds
now that's down going back to our sample
we opened the tube and we had ten drops
from bottle number two
now we're gonna cap the bottle and shake
it well for one minute and I needed to
stand for five minutes
now we're gonna check the results by
matching the colors that's our kill
first you put ammonia so we're gonna
compare it with a color strip titled
ammonia which is a middle one on the
chart and we can see that our color is
yellow and this corresponds with the
yellow on the chart which is zero so
that's a very good result level zero for
ammonia now the second kill post meet
writes after five minutes it's still
below light blue and this corresponds
the top box on the chart so yeah we've
got zero as well and that last bottle
was new traits as you can see this is a
red now so this is down this stripe and
I would think this is between 20 and 40
ppm which is slightly high so a partial
water change or is recommended
and again to check the results that's
our bottle with ammonia yeah we've got 0
ppm snoot writes zero yes and traits
summary in a region of 40 ppm s talking
yep
thank you for watching